Ah!
Then my dad is the overlord of the elf business empire?
I feel weird too
The Temple of the King was a superpower 20 years ago
Just because the owner is missing
Long leaderless
That led to the dissolution
It is said that you have the Dragon Jade Pendant.
You are the new owner of the temple of the king of gods
But why are you at the Su family again?
Gee, I don't know that either.
Oh, stop kneeling
Get up
Thanks.
It's hard to deceive Chan Yilong
So at this time, I can only pretend to know nothing
Otherwise he finds out I'm not
It will be troublesome to find the descendants of the Ye family
A big man like the master must know the Su family
The owner's family background is complex
The internal contradictions are very serious
You may be afraid that someone will harm you.
So I foster you to the Su family
Then this must be figured out, anyway
You are the new owner of the Temple of the King of Gods
I, Chen, go through fire and water without hesitation
I want to share this good news
Hurry up and notify other parts
Su Yize, you forced me
I'm going to kill you!
I want the Su family to disappear
What's the matter, is Brother Chen not going well?
Su Yize, I, Ye Chen, are at odds with you